list of improvements to do (SOME ARE ALREADY implemented, the others arent yet)

(this whole .txt file is a NOTE TO SELF)

1. sort and filter the accepted product requests
2. sort and filter the type of requests (based on products)
3. overall UI
4. payment gateway integration
5. soonest payment first
6. warning for deadline nearings
7. overdue payments
8. implement EEFM present worth, future worth, emi, interest schemes - give option for company to pay lesser amount now,
or eventually pay larger amount over period of time - stuff like that - varied partial payments (NOTE: NET30 and pay earlier than 30
are the most sensible ones to implement for MSMEs, that too in india. look into these options though)
9. giving discounts and star ratings/credits for companies/vendors for keeping integrity.
10. switch to mongodb atlas? check if i should be having all the database stuff in compass ka localhost 120710 something
or if it is better to have it connected to that VendorManagement thing that i created (maybe create a new one)

i think, we can have individual payment requests ke liye ek ek button and then at the bottom of the page, we can have 
"all displayed payment requests" ko clear karne ke liye ek button.
and we can use filters and sort and stuff to change whats displayed on the page - so we can kinda group the payments and pay in bulk.

alright now, can you add a  button next to each of the accepted products, which says "make payment" along with an input text box.
this text box should accept any amount thats equal to or lesser than the total price of the quantity of the same product bought.
and on clicking on "make payment" it should ask the company to re-enter the password. if it is same, then it should make the
transaction and keep track of how much is paid and how much needs to be paid next, and change the status from unpaid
to partially paid and if at all the entire amount is paid then change it to paid.

done done, final things to implement are:
1. IMPROVE THE UI UX ADD A LOT OF USER HELPFUL INTERACTIVE STUFF
2. features like sort, and search/filter by vendor/company
3. autoscroll to high priority payments, set priorities to payments (defaulting to the deadlines), but editable
4. make sure any feature implemented on company side, also gets implemented on vendor side

updates as of 26th may, 2025:
1. check different ways for displaying the products, requests - catalogue? idk some scrolling animation - edit: carousel not catalogue lmao
2. check if background can be made better - colour grading and scheming
3. filter/search options
4. company and vendor - total profits/total due/total income/total paid
5. credit rating scores for companies and vendors
6. add images for the products - add more details for each product
7. add reviews for products and vendors and companies - should be able to visit a particular vendor's/company's "profile"

so i think it boils down to - adding more fields in the product schema - and enabling the viewing of vendor/company profiles - separate
viewing of each product
1. image(s)
2. rating, reviews

so yes, images have been added (vendor side only, yet to implement company side). now comes creating new pages for viewing products, companies, vendors - individually.
can add more metadata about all the products - 

new flow for vendor's side. no longer are there two parts (product management and vendor requests)
there is just product management (renamed to products) - where every product will have another "expandable" 
which upon expanding, expands into the list of companies that had requested for it, the current status of that request
